- Ensure you know the differences between public, private, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments and how to design secure access to all of them.
- AWS accounts. You must understand what accounts are and how they work to ensure you have secure access to your AWS resources.
- Review the best practices for account root user security, applying the principle of least privilege, and multifactor authentication.
  - AWS accounts begin with a single account root user with full permissions. So why is this a risk to use the account root user? Well, these account permissions cannot be changed or modified and if this account root user is compromised then so is the whole AWS environment. One way to secure the account root user is to add multifactor authentication. But what else could we implement to secure our AWS account? How about adding another user with more limited permissions instead of using the account root user? When we add new users to our AWS account, those new users will be different people and need different levels of access. What level of permissions do new IAM users have in your AWS account? IAM identities start with no permissions but permissions can be granted. Dive deeper into IAM users, groups, and roles and what goes into deciding between which to use and how they might be combined. Understand how using the principle of least privilege limits your blast radius. Here are a few questions to consider. How do you create IAM users, groups, and roles? What are their strengths and limitations? And what scenarios would dictate possibly switching between the various user group and role-based permissions? Along with those identities, make sure you know how IAM and other AWS services give you the ability to secure the necessary credentials and best practices for handling those credentials. Look at various methods of assuming roles including assigning roles to AWS services. Understand how to use AWS Security Token Service within and across accounts, and how roles are used with federations. Your users might already have identities outside of AWS such as in your corporate directory. If those users need to work with AWS resources or work with applications that access those resources then those users will need security credentials. You can use an IAM role to specify permission for users whose identity is federated from your organization or third party identity provider. Do you know how to design and configure active directory to federation access to AWS IAM roles or users? Also dive into the best practices for controlling your application's access to AWS APIs. When should you hard code credentials into your application? The answer to this is never, but know the other ways to enable API access and dive deeper into IAM policies. For this certification, you do not need to know how to write advanced policies, but you should be able to read and interpret policy documents. Learn the major parts of a policy statement what's required, and what are the ways in which the policies provide granularity with permissions. For this exam, learn the major parts of a policy statement, what is required, and the ways in which the policies provide granularity with permissions. Make sure you also understand IAM decision logic when evaluating policies including how that will affect an identity with multiple policies attached. Also ensure you know the appropriate use of resource policies for AWS services. What is a policy? Well, it's an object in AWS that when associated with an identity or resource defines their permissions. The two types of policies are identity based policies which are attached to an IAM user group or role. These policies give you the ability to specify what that identity can do. Its permissions. With identity policies, we control what resources that identity can access. With resource policies, we control who can access the resource. So resource based policies are attached to a resource such as an Amazon S3 bucket, Amazon SQS queues, VPC endpoints, AWS Key Management Service encryption keys to specify who has access to the resource and what actions they can perform on it. And bucket policies are structured differently compared to the structure of identity policies. The difference is the principle part of the policy. The principle part of a resource policy defines which principles are affected by this resource policy. And lastly, understand the methods, services and tools available that help you create traceability for access to AWS resources. Traceability helps to monitor, alert and audit actions and changes to your environment in real time. It also helps to integrate log and metric collection with systems to automatically investigate and take action. Just as you need to be aware of the performance and behaviors of your application components. You also need to have insight into who and what has access to your account resources and data. You will be tested on designing security strategies for multiple AWS accounts, know how to gain that visibility, how to enforce security standards, and how to alert and automate based on that data. Ensure you understand AWS Control Tower, AWS Organizations and service control policies. Learning to design secure access to the resources is an important step in learning how to prioritize security at every step. Take your time when learning these topics and get practice with both the designing and implementation whenever possible. Let's get started with our first walkthrough question. I'll see you in the next video.
